feat(efc): add instances metho MTA-5653 (#4971)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/environmental-footprint/additional-content/environmental-footprint-calculator.mdx

Each product will have its own set of criteria to allocate the environmental footprint, considering factors such as server utilization rates, operational timeframes, and the specific technical requirements of the product. By customizing the allocation rules for each offering, we can ensure a more accurate and fair representation of the environmental impact associated with each product.

> You can find the specifications of calculation for each of the available products in the list below. Click on a product name to expand or collapse its details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the calculation specifications for each of the available products in the list below. Click on a product name to expand or collapse its details.
```

    ```math
    ServerManufacturing = (100 / 52560) * 850 = 1,62 kgCO2e
    ```

    Therefore 1,62 kgCO2e is added to the total manufacturing impact for the use of this server.
</Concept>

<Concept>
  #### Instances

  For Instances, the calculation of the environmental footprint takes into consideration all the elements already described on this page.

  The calculations performed across all phases of the product lifecycle are considered, including the calculations for Bare Metal, as Instances are hosted on physical servers.

  The following elements are additionally considered:
    - **Hypervisor resources** - the resources (CPU, RAM, and disk, for example) used in the physical hypervisor servers that create and run the virtual Instances.
    - **Instance offer resources** - the vCPU, RAM, and disk resources used when you use an Instance.

  The calculation for the elements above can be broken down into:
    - **Manufacturing Impact**

>         - Manufacturing of the underlying physical servers (hypervisors) necessary to run the Instances.

Reviewer: I find the use of hypervisor here (and below) confusing as to me a hypervisor is software running on a physical server, but I guess if it's come from above then OK

Reviewer 2: You're right, not an abuse of language, we generally use the word hypervisor to designate the servers that host the instances but in reality a hypervisor is a software. We should replace it with "server"

Author: If we see there is confusion among clients, we can replace it then!

        - Distribution of the manufacturing impact according to the resources consumed by the Instance (vCPU, RAM, storage).
    - **Operational Impact**
        - Energy consumption of the hypervisors during Instance usage.
        - [Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE)](/environmental-footprint/concepts#pue-power-usage-effectiveness) specific to the data center where the Instance is hosted.
        - Energy mix of the country that provides the electricity.
    - **Usage Impact**
        - Resources consumed by the Instance, calculated based on the material specifications of the hypervisors.
    - **Indirect Emissions**
        - Impact related to cross-functional services necessary to guarantee the operation of the Instance, such as network and shared storage.

>   When calculating the footprint of an Instance, you must distribute the resources according to their proportional consumption on the hypervisor:

Reviewer 2: It's not up to the user to do it but the way we calculate it (I don't find the sentence very clear)

Author: ```suggestion
  When calculating an Instance's footprint, we consider the resources based on their relative usage on the hypervisor to ensure an accurate distribution of their proportional consumption.
```

  - **CPU** - Consider the share of vCPUs reserved compared to the total number of physical cores available.
  - **RAM** - Consider the share of allocated RAM compared to the total RAM of the hypervisor.
  - **Storage** - Consider the use of allocated storage compared to the total capacity of the hypervisor.

> </Concept>

Reviewer 2: I think we shoud add the calculation here and may be an exemple (cf https://confluence.infra.online.net/spaces/EFP/pages/252921608/Instance+methodologie+-+Estimation)
We should also explain that we take into account the real use of the instances via the CPU usage and the consumption profiles defined by boavizta (cf https://confluence.infra.online.net/spaces/EFP/pages/252921883/Instance+methodologie+-+Usage#InstancemethodologieUsage-Version2-Consumptionprofiles)
